---
author: Arie Knoester
title: Software Developer
tagline:
  field1: Software Engineer
  field2: \href{mailto:arie.knoester42@gmail.com}{arie.knoester42@gmail.com}
  field3: Chicago, IL, USA
  field4: \href{https://github.com/ArieKnoester}{github.com/ArieKnoester}
format:
  classic-cv-pdf: "default"
cvfooter:
  left: \href{https://arieknoester.github.io/}{arieknoester.github.io}
  right: \href{https://github.com/ArieKnoester}{github.com/ArieKnoester/}
# A color hex code without `#`
cvcolor: 666699
bgcolor: 666699
# A texlive font like raleway,fetamont,gillius,comfortaa
cvfont: "lato"
---

# Objective

After 7 years of software development focused on internal business logistics, I am eager to explore other realms. 
Over the past year, I invested in learning Python in support of this objective. Areas of interest to me include
Python web development and data science. However, I am also open to other opportunities in technology. \newline

# Skills

Python, Git, Linux, and relational databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL). Light exposure to Javascript and PHP. \newline

# Experience

\cvevent{Feb 2025 - Present}{AI Trainer - Part-time Contract}{Data Annotations Tech}{
  {Reinforcement learning of AI responses for code related prompts rating them based on given criteria.},
  {Test AIs by prompting in specific ways to expose issues with correctness and instruction following.},
  {Test code generated by AI for correctness and rating in terms of helpfulness as a coding assistant.}
}

\cvevent{2019 - July 2023}{Software Engineer}{Technology Advisors}{
  {Coded custom features requested by clients using best practices defined by upstream vendors.},
  {Debugged breakages in custom features caused by dependency upgrades.},
  {Wrote MySQL scripts for custom reports requested by clients.},
  {Maintained CRM developer certifications (SugarCRM, Creatio CRM).},
  {Implemented data migrations and maintained data integrations via in-house built ETL application (\href{https://www.starfishetl.com/}{Starfish ETL}).},
  {Provided consulting, estimates, application upgrades, stack upgrades, and support for clients' on-premise SugarCRM deployments.},
  {Authored content for company blogs and internal wiki.}
}

\cvevent{July 2017 - 2019}{Support Engineer}{Technology Advisors}{
  {Led triage and initial response to incoming support cases.},
  {Drove support cases to completion with follow up questions, updates, and internal delegation.},
  {Collaborated with vendors to work around or resolve upstream issues.},
  {Performed CRM administration tasks for clients.},
  {Executed on-premise upgrades of SugarCRM.}
}

\cvevent{}{Open Source Software Engineer}{Volunteer}{
  {%
    Contributor to \href{https://github.com/conda/conda-lock}{\textit{conda-lock}}
    - A tool that enables reproducible software environments in the Conda ecosystem
  }
}

# Education

\cvevent{May 2013 - 2015}{B.S. Computer Science}{Northeastern Illinois University}{}
\cvevent{Aug. 2010 - Dec. 2012}{Computer Science Major}{University of Illinois Chicago}{}

# Certificates/Badges

\cvevent{Feb 2025}{eLearning}{IBM Skills Build}{
  {Applied Data Science with Python - Level 2},
  {Python for Data Science, Data Analysis Using Python, Data Visualization Using Python},
  {Artificial Intelligence Fundamentals}
}
<!--
# About me

\cvevent{}{Interests}{Endeavoring to keep life simple in an increasingly complex world.}{
  {Walking/cycling},
  {PC gaming},
  {Fantasy and sci-fi series and movies}
}
-->
